README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm <a href="https://trine.dev/" target="_blank">zerone0x</a>👋 I'm Frontend Developer 💫
## 🔗 Links
[![portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/my_portfolio-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ko-fi&logoColor=white)](https://trine.dev/)
<!-- [![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tommy04/) -->
<img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Mail&logo=gmail&label=zerone0x@trine.dev&color=D14836&logoColor=white&labelColor=81b29a&style=for-the-badge" height="29" alt="mail logo"  />
<!-- <a href="discordapp.com/users/326660148355661825" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Discord&logo=discord&label=0xy#2276&color=03045e&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="29" alt="discord logo"  />
</a> -->

## 🍀 About me
📈 I develop user interfaces, web applications and more! 

<!-- 👩‍💻 I'm currently working on something special -->

🧠 I'm currently expanding my knowledge in frontend development (React.js, Next.js 14)

👯‍♀️ I'm looking to collaborate on Frontend Developer role

💝 I love curb 

###
<img height="200" src="./heart.gif" alt="Larry David heart" />


###

## 🛠 I have knowledge of

<div>

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html" height="40" alt="html5 logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=css" height="40" alt="css3 logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=sass" height="40" alt="sass logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=tailwind" height="40" alt="tailwindcss logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js" height="40" alt="javascript logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ts" height="40" alt="typescript logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" height="40" alt="react logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=redux" height="40" alt="redux logo"  />
  
 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nextjs" height="40" alt="nextjs logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=graphql" height="40" alt="graphql logo"  />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs" height="40" alt="nodejs logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=express" height="40" alt="express logo"  />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nestjs" height="40" alt="nestjs logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=sequelize" height="40" alt="sequelize logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=postgres" height="40" alt="postgresql logo" />
 
 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=angular" height="40" alt="angularjs logo"  />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker" height="40" alt="docker logo"  />
 
 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=jest" height="40" alt="jest logo" />
 
 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git" height="40" alt="git logo"  />

</div>

###

<br clear="both">

<div>
  <!--START_SECTION:waka-->

```txt
From: 04 May 2024 - To: 11 May 2024

Total Time: 16 hrs 44 mins

TypeScript    8 hrs 8 mins    ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   47.99 %
Markdown      4 hrs 21 mins   ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   25.76 %
JavaScript    1 hr 55 mins    ⣿⣿⣷⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   11.38 %
Pug           49 mins         ⣿⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   04.90 %
JSON          46 mins         ⣿⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   04.61 %
```

<!--END_SECTION:waka-->


  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?hide_title=false&hide_rank=false&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&disable_animations=false&theme=gruvbox_light&locale=en&hide_border=false&username=zerone0x" height="150" alt="stats graph"  />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?locale=en&hide_title=false&layout=compact&card_width=320&langs_count=5&theme=gruvbox_light&hide_border=false&username=zerone0x" height="150" alt="languages graph"  />
  <a href="https://leetcode.com/">
  <img align="center" src="https://leetcode.card.workers.dev/?username=curblc&theme=wtf&extension=activity" />
</a>
</div>

Commit message:

Add self-introduction and learning motivation

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm <a href="https://trine.dev/" target="_blank">zerone0x</a>👋 I'm Frontend Developer 
> Learning anything is never a waste of time.💫
## 🔗 Links
[![portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/my_portfolio-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ko-fi&logoColor=white)](https://trine.dev/)
<!-- [![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tommy04/) -->
<img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Mail&logo=gmail&label=zerone0x@trine.dev&color=D14836&logoColor=white&labelColor=81b29a&style=for-the-badge" height="29" alt="mail logo"  />
<!-- <a href="discordapp.com/users/326660148355661825" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Discord&logo=discord&label=0xy#2276&color=03045e&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="29" alt="discord logo"  />
</a> -->

## 🍀 About me
📈 I develop user interfaces, web applications and more! 

<!-- 👩‍💻 I'm currently working on something special -->

🧠 I'm currently expanding my knowledge in frontend development (React.js, Next.js 14)

👯‍♀️ I'm looking to collaborate on Frontend Developer role

💝 I love curb 

###
<img height="200" src="./heart.gif" alt="Larry David heart" />


###

## 🛠 I have knowledge of

<div>

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html" height="40" alt="html5 logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=css" height="40" alt="css3 logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=sass" height="40" alt="sass logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=tailwind" height="40" alt="tailwindcss logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js" height="40" alt="javascript logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ts" height="40" alt="typescript logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" height="40" alt="react logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=redux" height="40" alt="redux logo"  />
  
 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nextjs" height="40" alt="nextjs logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=graphql" height="40" alt="graphql logo"  />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs" height="40" alt="nodejs logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=express" height="40" alt="express logo"  />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nestjs" height="40" alt="nestjs logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=sequelize" height="40" alt="sequelize logo" />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=postgres" height="40" alt="postgresql logo" />
 
 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=angular" height="40" alt="angularjs logo"  />

 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker" height="40" alt="docker logo"  />
 
 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=jest" height="40" alt="jest logo" />
 
 <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git" height="40" alt="git logo"  />

</div>

###

<br clear="both">

<div>
  <!--START_SECTION:waka-->

```txt
From: 04 May 2024 - To: 11 May 2024

Total Time: 16 hrs 44 mins

TypeScript    8 hrs 8 mins    ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   47.99 %
Markdown      4 hrs 21 mins   ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   25.76 %
JavaScript    1 hr 55 mins    ⣿⣿⣷⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   11.38 %
Pug           49 mins         ⣿⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   04.90 %
JSON          46 mins         ⣿⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   04.61 %
```

<!--END_SECTION:waka-->


  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?hide_title=false&hide_rank=false&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&disable_animations=false&theme=gruvbox_light&locale=en&hide_border=false&username=zerone0x" height="150" alt="stats graph"  />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?locale=en&hide_title=false&layout=compact&card_width=320&langs_count=5&theme=gruvbox_light&hide_border=false&username=zerone0x" height="150" alt="languages graph"  />
  <a href="https://leetcode.com/">
  <img align="center" src="https://leetcode.card.workers.dev/?username=curblc&theme=wtf&extension=activity" />
</a>
</div>
